Devcontainer support (#14018)
mixxxdj/mixxx: README.md

There should now be a `mixxx` executable in the current directory that you can
run. Alternatively, can generate a package using `cpack`.

### Using Dev Container

> [!NOTE]

> > Dev container has recently been introduced and it is likely incomplete! Currently, it's been tested with `devpod` on Zed and Codium exclusively

Reviewer: This will be outdated soon. Please change it that it is valid for long.

Reviewer: Did you gain more experience with this meanwhile? 
This note is very prominent compared to the rest of the Readme. Can we remove it?

We provide a DevContainer definition for Mixxx. The container base uses Ubuntu 24.04 to ensure a close similarity with the CI.

> Similar to Fedora Toolbox's, the default configuration provide a comprehensive definition of mounts which will allow use to use Mixxx seamlessly in the container. (UI, audio, ...)

Reviewer: Why reference  "Fedora Toolbox's"

Author: Because this is the other big initiative around dev containerisation. It's less mature, supported and popular (yet), but I know we discuss about it as well so I thought it was worth to make the parallel for user that my have heard only of Fedora Toolbox (e.g Silverblue user) since it literally equivalent and work as a drop-in replacement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default configuration provide a comprehensive definition of mounts which will allow you to use Mixxx seamlessly in the container. (UI, audio, ...)
```

Reviewer: OK, in that case I would add an additional sentences that explains it the rationals and implications ... or link external resources.

If you are not comfortable with this, you may want to remove some or all of the binding before starting the container.

You can build and run Mixxx using the following command:

```bash

> mkdir build

Reviewer: Following this, we build locally, right?

There should now be a `mixxx` executable in the current directory that you can
run. Alternatively, can generate a package using `cpack`.

### Using Dev Container

> [!NOTE]
> Dev container has recently been introduced and it is likely incomplete! Currently, it's been tested with `devpod` on Zed and Codium exclusively

We provide a DevContainer definition for Mixxx. The container base uses Ubuntu 24.04 to ensure a close similarity with the CI.
Similar to Fedora Toolbox's, the default configuration provide a comprehensive definition of mounts which will allow use to use Mixxx seamlessly in the container. (UI, audio, ...)

> If you are not comfortable with this, you may want to remove some or all of the binding before starting the container.

Reviewer: Ok, than put it in the additional sentences about security concerns.

> If you are not comfortable with this, you may want to remove some or all of the binding before starting the container.

Reviewer: Maybe a paragraph unter "Using your device in Dev Container" ? 

I have been original stumbled over it, because we start with concerns. That apply in the same way to the alternative of native install anyway. Instead it would be better to start with the benefits compared to that. 

The point which is missing is the additional disk space it needs compare to a native build environment. Can you give an estimate?

> If you are not comfortable with this, you may want to remove some or all of the binding before starting the container.

Author: Fair, I moved it there.

> Can you give an estimate?

The [base image](https://hub.docker.com/_/ubuntu/tags?name=24.04) is about 30M, the dev container apt deps appears to require about 1.3 GB of additional disk space (as mentioned via APT, haven't confirmed the measure). It is hard to compare with native build environment tho because these are dependencies you would have to install on your native machine anyway (build-essential or ninja-build for example). For full disclosure, here is the current footprint of my dev container environment, including volumes (so not part of the container or image), in case you want to compare it with your native env:

```
localhost/vsc-mixxx-0637a   2.485GB
mixxx-bashistory            22.09kB
mixxx-ccache                0B
mixxx-config                255.5MB
mixxx-precommit             1.361GB
mixxx-build                 3.739GB
```

> [!TIP]

> > New to devcontainer? If you use VSCode, the IDE should offer you to use devcontainer when you open the Mixxx project. If you are not using VSCode,

Reviewer: Spelled "VS Code" 
```suggestion
> If you use VS Code, the IDE should offer you to use Dev Container when you open the mixxx working copy folder. Otherwise, 
```

> > New to [dev container](https://containers.dev/)? If you use VS Code, the IDE should offer you to use Dev Container when you open the Mixxx working copy folder. Otherwise,

Reviewer: OK, but use the right spelling: 
```suggestion
> New to [Development Containers](https://containers.dev/)? If you use VS Code, the IDE should offer you to use Dev Container when you open the Mixxx working copy folder. Otherwise,
```

you may consider using [devpod](https://devpod.sh/docs/developing-in-workspaces/create-a-workspace#create-a-workspace)

You can build and run Mixxx using the following command:

```bash
cd build
cmake .. -DCMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS=ON # Needed for clangd
cmake --build . -j $(nproc)
./mixxx
```

> #### Using your device in DevContainer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using your device in Dev Container
```

> Devices be supported by default, thanks to the provided binds. Note that if you are encountering permission issue, check that you are not using SELinux, as this is currently not well supported in DevContainer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Devices be supported by default, thanks to the provided binds. Note that if you are encountering permission issue, check that you are not using SELinux, as this is currently not well supported in Dev Container
```

Reviewer: Or remove the paragraph and move the note after "the container. (UI, audio, ...)" above.
